hi everyone I hope you're well I'm just
gonna do a quick outfit of the day don't
think I've done one in a while um so
yeah I just got started dump I'm wearing
is actually a men's one from River
Island and I really am disappointed with
the choice of jumpers for women's this
year's where I was like with scarves and
stuff I don't think there's really a
good like selection of nice little
chunky jumpers so I've got this one it's
kind of like an errand ear and it's um
like speckly grey mini go casio which i
got from em a sauce and then I'm wearing
this shirt I got from Topshop last year
and it's like a silky and lilac shirt
and I quite like the contrast between
them and my room is an absolute tip I
know so please ignore that and then just
got the shirts who your seat people free
wearing my black skirt under and jump is
quite long and then on the bottom where
are my chest beats and I just pawns and
knee-high socks and I've got these
knee-high socks from and Sainsbury's I
like him so just sit like on the knee
which I like and they were like freak on
54 too and i bought this really cool men
scarf absolutely love it from River
Island and I don't really know what it's
got on it I can't really work out it's
just kind of like patterned they kind of
look like Christmas trees Saturday so
yeah I love that just think it looks so
cute and my sister said I look like I'm
going to hogwarts today I were people I
for wings are really quite funny and by
i have a new bad guys isn't it gorgeous
it's just a little really plain black
I've got like the zips they're just
really really simple which I love and
I'll pop the details below and I just
show you the whole outfit the scar I
just want it to be like really snuggly
you could / wear the scarf like that all
let me just like wrap it around like
that so yeah that's my outfit we don't
think it's like the same as all my
others even though I do we're pretty
much the same clothes every day like the
same things but different if you're not
I mean and so yeah oh my skirt is from
miss selfridge it's just a bodycon tube
skirt and if I didn't mention and the
bag is from a website called wrong way I
think outside say our OMW ecom and so
yeah that's basically everything and I
hope you liked it and i'll see you in my
next video bye